1- What is the default text editor for the Bash shell with a Windows-based Git install?

	a- Emacs
	b- Vim
	c- Notepad++
	d- Bash


2- Before you install Git, which of the following prerequisite products must be present and configured on your local OS?

	a- Jakarta Enterprise Edition web profile compliant server
	b- Java Development Kit 1.8 or newer
	c- Apache Maven
	d- Nothing


3- After you install Git and prior to issuing the first commit, which two configuration properties does the tool expect to be configured?

	a- username and email address
	b- username and password
	c- email address and password
	d- username and IP address


4- Which of the following is not a Git configuration scope?

	a- Local
	b- User
	c- System
	d- Global


5- Who is attributed with inventing Git?

	a- Junio C. Hamano
	b- James Gosling
	c- Kohsuke Kawaguchi
	d- Linus Torvalds


7- After you initialize a new Git repository and create a file named git-quiz.html, which of the following commands will not work if issued?

	a- git add git-quiz.html
	b- git status
	c- git add .
	d- git commit -m "git quiz web file added"


8- Which vendor acquired GitHub for $7.5 billion in June 2018?

	a- Oracle
	b- Microsoft
	c- IBM
	d- Google


9- Which command should you use to initialize a new Git repository?

	a- git bash
	b- git install
	c- git init
	d- git start


10- Which file can you configure to ensure that certain file types are never committed to the local Git repository?

	a- ignore.git
	b- .gitignore
	c- gitignore.txt
	d- git.ignore


11- What's the git command that downloads your repository from GitHub to your computer?

	a- git push
	b- git fork
	c- git clone
	d- git commit


12- How do you create a copy of a lab under your own GitHub account so that you can solve the lab?

	a- Forking it via the GitHub interface.
	b- git fork
	c- git clone
	d- git pull-request


13- What's the opposite of git clone, instead of downloading your code from GitHub, uploads your changes and code back to GitHub?

	a- git push
	b- git add
	c- git upload
	d- git status


14- How do you check the state of your local git repository since your last commit?

	a- git check
	b- git status
	c- git commit
	d- git diff


15- How do you stage files for a commit?

	a- git stage
	b- git commit
	c- git add
	d- git reset


16- How do you save the current state of your code into the git version control?

	a- By committing the staged changes with git commit
	b- By adding all changes and staging them with git stage
	c- By adding all changes and staging them with git add
	d- By creating a new commit with git init



17- What's a shortcut to staging all the changes you have?

	a- git commit add .
	b- git commit .
	c- git add .
	d- git push -am "Message"



18- How do you supply a commit message to a commit?

	a- git message "I'm coding"
	b- git add "I'm coding"
	c- git commit "I'm coding"
	d- git commit -m "I'm coding"



19- What is the correct commit syntax for all changes with a message?

	a- git message -am "I'm coding"
	b- git add -a "I'm coding"
	c- git commit -a "I'm coding"
	d- git commit -am "I'm coding"



20- How do you submit a solution to Learn? (select all that apply)

	a- git submit
	b- git pull-request
	c- By creating a Pull Request through the GitHub interface
	d- learn submit
	e- git commit -am "Done with Lab"


21- What comes first, staging with git add . or committing with git commit?

	a- Staging your commits with git add
	b- Committing with git commit


22- To set your email address at the global--or user--level, what command would you type?
	
	a- git set --user email <email>
	b- git config --global user.email <email>
	c- git config email <email>
	d- git set --user user.email>email


23- Which command will add a remote branch to the repository?
	
	a- git remote add <name> <url>
	b- git branch --remote <name> <url>
	c- git remote new <name <url>
	d- git branch <name> <url>

24- Assuming your repo has a remote called production, what command would send all local committed changes on the master branch to that remote?
	
	a- git send master production
	b- git send production master
	c- git push master production
	d- git push production master

25-Write the command that would remove the latest stash from the stash list and apply it to the staging area.
   git stash pop

26-What command would create the c alias for the commit command (at the global, or user, level)?
	
	a- git config --global alias.c commit
	b- git config --global alias.commit c
	c- git config alias.c commit
	d- git config alias.commit c
	
